But at the same time, we don't have the liberty of trying out
all of these iterations, all of these configurations possible, right? The number of iterations or the
number of iterations means training here. Each training process is what we refer to as iteration.
The number of iterations is something that we want to reduce. So we want to achieve this
objective with minimum number of iterations. How do we do this? This essentially boils down into four
steps. First, we need a surrogate model. Surrogate model is nothing but the model where we predict the
model score or the objective function, whatever we want to call it. So predict the objective function
given a particular configuration of hyper parameters, right? So we will have a surrogate
model. At the same time, we cannot estimate this for all possible combinations or all possible
configurations, right? We want to minimize the number of iterations. So we need an acquisition
function also. So this acquisition function will guide the search. Guide the search means if you